hi YouTube I didn't get much sleep last
night and my allergies are really bad
today springtime is my enemy so I'm kind
of irritable as it is and so I'm sitting
here playing Pokemon and I was going
quite well I'm quite enjoying it in fact
I just caught hoho I'm like my fourth
ultra ball awesome and then it happens
oh hey good afternoon what's up this is
Dana my Psyduck is getting prettier I've
been taking tons of pictures you know
what
oh I'd snuggle got away from me again it
was so close really just a little bit
more and I would have later I don't care
Dana when the first person this time
around when I was playing heartgold
asked me to share my phone number with
them at first I remember saying to
myself know there was some reason I
hated sharing my telephone number in the
original cold and I couldn't remember
what it was I remember now it's one
thing if people want to call me to go
battle or to give me free stuff but they
call me for the stupidest reasons this
is Anthony afternoon Sam I wonder why I
like mountain so much it wouldn't be
wrong to say I also like the Pokemon
that dwell on mountains but I bet that
the number one reason is that I just
like mountains I had no idea what female
swimmers thinking clique really did you
really have to call me to tell me why
you don't know why you like mountains
like okay I don't I don't know why why
you like mountains either mm see see see
what Pokemon makes me do now I'm just
all sticky and my computer is covered in
sugar
are there any random features from video
games like that that annoy you thanks
for watching us love ya stop callin stop
callin I just want to play Pokemon and
when you keep calling to say stupid
things that makes me hungry